Tsu Hi, everyone. Do you came to see the town of us, in the Central Library was revived today?
Central Library? The reconstruction?
That's right. Hey, I was there a library from time immemorial in this village. Although I have rough dive in recent years... war.
The recently restored, I became quite beautiful.
Oh..., how are library,....
During the repair, interesting things, too many have been excavated. Hey are you quite different from the terrain of now... such as the old map.
What continent of the past, shape I'm different.
I hear that there was a time when even one time words were also lost. I would not sure that it is detailed in do nothing literature, course materials.
At that time, continent it might have changed the shape.
In addition, I also found this that says the story of Mado~uruku Senki. Talk and Mado~uruku, of Yara Gideon of his men.
For toggled family, Do you know what?
I think it is, was written somewhere, but still old article Nde not been organized completely....
I see. Thank you.
Though, the recent war, It looks like back in the days of far ancestors. You know, for some time from Is no longer have eight warrior.
Eight warrior? It is a mistake of eight swordsman?
No, I've been told you eight warrior... first.
After a short delay Mado~uruku legendary campaign was over, eight warriors they disappeared. Rumor is likely to have passed many, at that time.
In fact because it was seriously injured in the war in Mado~uruku incarnation of God, and also, also returned to heaven role is over, they were said to be dead.
Anyway, made??a lot then bronze statue, Inc., mound, and historical sites to honor the eight warriors they,....
It's carried the foot most there, it was knights and swordsman. Sword skill they, it's so as to progress.
Then after a while, you have reached the time of war again era. At that time, Dan swordsman fighting with banner in the name of they've got appeared.
For example, I swordsman such as Dan "heart of Wayne...". In fact one of the ancestors of which, Is was the head of such a swordsman team!
Eight warrior legend was transformed into the story of eight swordsman by them. It the story of the beautiful hero. And has been handed down in many places still.
To worship people just a few more people.... In a sense, it might that mean the beginning of the age of the person, the end of the era of the gods...
Was it... so.
Averus -like, has come welcome. What with your Yomuki today?
Did not see the cylinder sister?
Do you like Shirin? Come on.... I have not seen you, or was there something?
I do not anything. Thank you.
Dora -like, has come welcome. In today what your requirements?
I did not see the older sister Shirin?
Do you like Shirin? Come on.... Did not get seen. Do you had something?
No, do not have anything. I'm sorry.
Averus -like, has come welcome. In today what your requirements?
Did not see the cylinder sister?
Do you like Shirin? Although you have a person that has seen it in Miruru village in the north. The... What's the matter?
Miruru...... or village. It has been found, thank you.
Averus -sama! Do you go to the village Miruru?
I'm going that.
Rumor...... recently, Asmodian that have infested villages to the north. Please be careful.
Oh, like Dora, has come welcome. In today what your requirements?
I did not see the older sister Shirin?
Do you like Shirin? Although you have a person that I saw in Miruru village in the north. The...... What's the matter?
Miruru...... village.
There, like Dora. Do you go to the village Miruru?
I should listen to it.
The villages in the north, the rumor...... Asmodian that have recently infested. Please be careful.
Oh, I have come Welcome Averus like, to Birutsu village. Large vegetable corn please look.
Averus like to, because I am guarding the country, we'll can make the vegetables with confidence.
Oh, I have come Welcome Shirin like, to Birutsu village. Please look, big vegetables corn.
Shirin like to, because I am guarding the country, we'll can make the vegetables with confidence.
This is this, like Averus. In such a remote village, Nante carried the leg, do you happened exactly?
Did not see the cylinder sister?
Do you like Shirin? Come on....... I did not see, but do you had something?
No, I do not anything. Thank you.
This is this, like Dora. Nante carried a foot in such a remote village, do you have what exactly?
I did not see the older sister Shirin?
Do you like Shirin? Come on....... I did not see, but do you had something?
No, do not have anything. I'm sorry.
This is this, like Averus. Nante carried a foot in such a remote village, do you have what exactly?
Did not see the cylinder sister?
Do you like Shirin? There are villagers that saw in Miruru village of north, but What's the matter?
Miruru...... or village. No, I do not anything. Thank you.
This is this, like Dora. Nante carried a foot in such a remote village, do you have what exactly?
I did not see the older sister Shirin?
Do you like Shirin? There are villagers that saw in Miruru village of north, but What's the matter?
Miruru...... or village. Thank you. I was saved.
This is this, like Averus. Nante carried a foot in such a remote village, do you have what exactly?
Did not see the cylinder sister?
Do you like Shirin? I have say this person has seen the cylinder like in the desert of northern
Desert north of......, It looks towards the Miruru village. It has been found, thank you.
This is this, like Dora. Did you get asking myself, Nante carried a foot in such a remote village?
I did not see the older sister Shirin?
Do you like Shirin? I have say this person has seen the cylinder like in the desert north.
It is a desert region in the north. Thank you.
Aiiieee! Help!
Oh, Averus -sama! Averus -sama! Please help me!
Oh, guys, help is'll came!
This is this, like Averus. Thank you for at that time.
Thanks, peace has returned to this village Marek.
Crikey, cylinder -like. Thank you for at that time.
Thanks, peace has returned to this village Marek.
Averus like, thank you so much for saving the village.
I just recently, you can troll around the village, that Asmodian Domo is, was very embarrassed.
Please, receive this. Said "dragon scales ", this is a treasure handed down to the village.
Thank you so much for saving the village.
I just recently, you can troll around the village, that Asmodian Domo is, was very embarrassed.
Please, receive this. Said "dragon scales ", this is a treasure handed down to the village.
It does become a story in differents us! The call a Averus, the Highland King!
Oh, it is!
Shirin sister, what were safe. N Well Shirin sister!!
Averus, Why is there are Highland army here!
Its, it.... Looking for a sister... Shirin.
Do you is stupid enough to move the troops to look for one my big sister!
I mean sister, I'm worried, really.
Do not be blame her sister, the only Averus.
It did not stop the Averus, we also because there bad.
Besides, it's a kick-off Asmodian subjugation to haunt recently of serve.
Averus, I'm in a position as king, are not to be carried away in the personal feelings you.
Now, please return to the Highland army soon.
Ho~o, was How does this wonder thing. Person of the Highland people.
Doral... king.
Here, those who bring evil to me appears. Do not...... seems to have become as the Baba of reading the stars had to say.
Averus King! If you was to differents, I willing to own head!
What are you are you said! We only.......
This is what I've come to save the people who suffer from tyranny Doral king, from hands dirty of you!
Hilda!
You we would brandish the justice anyway!?
But, who will say what, but here is my country! Single grass to mine!
Dora, here I correct that said Hilda. The bad guys let Nosabara, I do not go!
Dora -like, not likely to subside over the next apparently. The only fight this....
That's right, like Dora, the house and neighboring countries, and let's not overlook people suffer from this state.
Averus! I had people who saw the Shirin Sister in this village. Coming soon!
Averus like, this, Uruwashu Gokigen this.
You who in the village, or did not see the Queen of Moon Palace, the palace Leni around here?
Oh, that is beautiful one. Just now, I have been in uproar about it.
Suspicious person we have is that occupied the castle Koraden from yesterday, and saw a was a very beautiful woman in it.
And seems to be similar to like Leni Apparently it is,....
What? Do not Koraden's Castle, I thank it was found!
Shirin like, this, Uruwashu Gokigen this.
Everyone in the village, around here, you did not see the Queen of Moon Palace, the Leni like?
Oh, that is beautiful one. Just now, I have been in uproar about it.
Suspicious person we have is that occupied the castle Koraden from yesterday, and saw a was a very beautiful woman in it.
And seems to be similar to like Leni Apparently it is,....
It is... Koraden Castle. Thank you.
Dear Leader, please help. Eleanor Castle of this destination are what is occupied by monsters.
At this rate, rich seafood fan Dahlia can not buy, I have been very troubled.
Dear Leader, if this goes on.... Please get rid of the demon of Eleanor Castle kindly.
Dear Leader, thank you.
Thing these days, made??Asmodian something is out rampant, I became a really dangerous world.
Dear Leader stands up, you state that getting rid of the Asmodian... from.
In fact, I have a strange legend Shi transmitted to the village, but if help you of our Dear Leader....
What is? The legend of its.
Yes, the place far south of this village, called Hula village, is that there are warlords led by a mysterious soldier.
The military commander is, I was stopped by this village takes to sudden illness in the middle of the journey.
Mayor at the time, was nursed carefully warlords.
The warlords very grateful, when it was something, and Hula village to Come soon.
If you help... always. The name of the warlords, like Kinsella sure.
I think the person that, to be seen if Moraere saying came from Herikaden village.
Averus like, this, Uruwashu Gokigen this.
You who in the village, or did not see the Queen of Moon Palace, the palace Leni around here?
Oh, It is a beautiful Queen minus the blood of that elf. Do not fold one who saw that... especially.
Yeah, I know. Was sorry.
Shirin like, this, Uruwashu Gokigen this.
Everyone in the village, or did not see the Queen of Moon Palace, the Leni -like around here?
Oh, It is a beautiful Queen minus the blood of that elf. Do not fold one who saw that... especially.
I see. I'm sorry.
Strange feeling will. Such as those wrapped in something warm... something. That...
Tirith queen! However, This is what happened! Barrier is....
Please wait. Or alternatively, if you use this....
It, it is a pendant of the month.
Yes. It is a thing that Kano long time ago, at the time of the nuptials of Mr. Wayne and Tirith queen, was sent to Highland from Moon Palace.
I'm Hearing in this pendant, magic Tirith Queen also is put.
Where am I? Door is missing.... If you do not have to be a person Chosen, Tirith queen's not me met?
Averus like, this, Uruwashu Gokigen this.
You who in the village, around here, or did not see the Queen of Moon Palace, the palace Leni?
Oh, It is a beautiful Queen minus the blood of that elf. But are available to you the person that I saw in the east....
Na's east. Thank.
Shirin like, this, Uruwashu Gokigen this.
Everyone in the village, around here, you did not see the Queen of Moon Palace, the Leni like?
Oh, It is a beautiful Queen minus the blood of that elf. But are available to you the person that I saw in the east....
It is the direction of the east. Thank you.
What, This is.... I will not proceed.
Averus things, such as the barrier becomes the wall....
Barrier....
In this, I'll just be under attack by unilaterally.
I do not proceed.... This, This is.... Averus! The around this continent, barrier has been run throughout.
In, like Tirith.
Yeah, let's get started.
Averus! Do you that try to invade the Moon Palace? Moon Palace I is the friendly countries for a long time.
Welcome to Moon Palace.
It is wonderful It is a beautiful country.
Thank you.
So today, let's examine how to awaken Tirith like.
Thanks in advance.
Once you know something, I give report.
We will wait for the good news.
Tail, it was was. Come now. If Todokere to Leni dono... this. Leni hall, would be happy to... me.
Gangasu like, face....... Has Effeminate!
Its, or so?
So, I'll start.
Leni....
People who grew up... new. I'm pulling the blood and my, everyone... maybe. But....
, Furesuto Lord to travel from time to time Nante wonder strong. Not stand me....
Useless... clause. Door I can not open. And there is no Leni and Averus,....