My name is Estaing. Swordsman Estaing of black
Stupid human Domo. We will receive Asmodian Ground!
Who even a fool? The huh In the fight to sell to me? We're Gonna a good courage.
Does anyone care, Yarouze Itcho Come on!
The guy Hung, buckish. I'm going to absorb a soul in my magic sword!
Gangasu like, it is dangerous! Let's go back once!
Something, it's dangerous...! Let's go back for the moment!
Stupid human Domo. We Asmodian is'll receive the ground!
Something, it's dangerous...! Let's go back for the moment!
Oh, I wonder who's warrior like a reinforcing layer. However, It will not come true to Kinsella like.
No, Is come true. I'm strong.
I such typing, it is not a human than just Ju over Tsu Kinsella like. I'm a dragon person.
Tsu Oh! Dragon people! I heard the sound, that dragon tribe of legend...?
That's right, dragon tribe.
Do you know, Marquez? Guy, how strong?
Times more than human, power is strong tall, horn in forehead, tail so on, so I'm fly to butt!
But, I will not necessarily just because it is strong.
Of course, Gangasu like what, It is most.
Ugh! What the heck, but I want to see the Meet!
So, dragon people who say that such as Kinsella, where I have?
Anything, around the village on the south side, I seem to have.
There, like Maria, I wonder what not?
Ya no. The Suu Ga~tsu in hunting! Suu Do not be helped, and Suu or if the training you have learned to like Maria.
Heave-ho, and a... Suu alley-oop.
Heave-ho, and Suu...... In.
Heigh-ho, and Suu Do quit. The Suu without pinching if there are no Maria-sama. The Suu do end up purring!
Oh, it's village. Just right. In training, or do a little.
Pickpocket pickpocket. Maria-sama, and Suu By training together!
Oh, it is good. So, I'll start.
Heave-ho, heave-ho....
The Suu in flatter, and Suu in Yoisho!
Heave-ho, heave-ho....
Suu in Yoisho,...... Oh, and Suu Do tired. Maria-sama, and Suu By to tea.
Fiorina, I'll do a little early still.
In Geez, teacake that you prepared with much effort, and Suu Do you have any worse.
Do not not be helped Well, is that so?
N? Did you say something?
No, Suu Do not say anything. Min!
Oh, it's a good air. This country is good... still. Well, you can in training.
Heave-ho, heave-ho....
Oh, Maria's, today.
Heave-ho, heave-ho....
Is training. It is indeed.
Heave-ho, heave-ho, oh Fu..., warrior Na because you have not kept up to their bodies always.
Enemies are many. Stranger is all enemy! It's not help remove the air.
I do thing like that... Huh. Well, so please do your best.
Heave-ho, heave-ho....
Also such village, legend thing out of his mouth is hidden number.
Legend! Lore! Ancient secrets! The dance meat boiling blood... Oh, heart is troubled!
There, Mr. Marquez, what are you dancing?
No, Domo absorbing it. By the way, in no Kimi, such as legend handed down in this village?
Legend? Tagui...... only the old tale of the big mama.
Old story! Hey good! In, what?
The silly much Nde, I've forgotten.
I Na! Disappointed.
It is a village existence, good. Nature then Na is full. I do not like that are not natural.
Oh, Gonzalez, today.
Umm.
Yes, Gonzalez, or you lend me a little power?
Happily.
No actually, the machine inside... Hey.
What, machine!?
As... was heavy object to move....
It is a stop that I quit! And a machine!?! Such a thing devil is like using
What?
It's not supposed to rely on the mystery machine. Humans I think you should live with nature
Is... Huh.
Such a machine, I'm gonna break.
Oh, I remembered suddenly errands. Well, Mr. Gonzalez, I... This.
Machine is because you are against nature! Nature... and he the most, Oh, I'll do not have the figure of villagers. Hun.
Kokoni stone... moth.
There was, this spirit stone... certainly.
Moreover, so many....
Stone Ha we ambition... soul.
So, the spirit stone....
Do You mean corpse of spirits!? Guy did not know.
Kara air-born... two earth return Lumpur. We Ha stone Tonatte earth two return Lumpur.
Model raw Kirarenai... We model earth moth, air moth, forest moth-free Kereba who, you guys leakage.
Earth wo, wo air, forest wo, Tsu Te... protect.
... Be sure... Leave it to me... Oh. I'll rush to the Cathedral of Seth Moon Palace.
Yes, Gangasu like.
Without the guidance of the spirit of the forest, finding the stone is not possible. Gangasu like yourself please join the search.
I felt for sure. Power of the spirit is full of this all around.
Do not Kozakashii's creature is a human... I see. Is it that you Tayoro to the power of the spirit?
Differents on earth?
My name is majesty with your wait and I see first swordsman Estaing Estaing, of black.
Daichi wo Mamoru Rishi king. We asked Ranochikarawo Meteirunoka.
Brothers!
I spirits! To protect from the power of darkness the earth, I want you to lend power to me!
Wakatta,... and Wang Dan earth wo... Bruno blessing.
Jill feeling... ghosts... Bruno tower.
Well, let's wait for the Furesuto like and Gangasu like here.
Or Tirith, wrapped in a barrier.
What would not even attempt to us.
Please wait, if you use this pendant....... Or.
This pendant seek, ancient to... Highland.
I have heard that when the wedding ceremony of Highland king like Wayne and Tirith queen, was a gift from the Moon Palace.
I think capital... or alternatively, should I bring near Queen pendant this Deep fate and Tirith queen.
Yeah, OK, let's try.
Yes.
Barrier is gone....
But, I do not wake up yet.
The pendant of the month, it seems enough to do to remove the barrier.
Tirith unless wake up, it's just do not know anything?
She will wake up How do I... to me also.
All right, let's Jacobo to the castle anyway.
This is, exactly? Apparently, feminine elf.... This guy was saying diisocyanate's, or Tirith?
Jill feeling... elf queen... Bruno.
Do not I have to close.
The dwarf was found at last.
Have you Ja~tsu mirage of Tirith Queen
It seems to be just a mirage. There is no entity. It is not possible to confirm the presence plausible near.
I should have something. The Sasero continued investigation continues.
This is, exactly? Gangasu like, please come.
I'll have brought the spirit stone.
Power of nature is not it? Full of air.
Divine power seems had been gathered from all over the world here... previous tree in the center of the world.
However, its power is also weakened by now
... But but is sad, the force required to ritual has been left barely.
Do not wake up the Tirith with the power....
So, I will start ceremony. Sorry, please have a little down.
Oh....
For some reason, at that time... incurred a heavy wound to the heart, the Queen, was cast to void a half of soul like Tirith.
I inherit the soul, have received the raw... I....
... Wait a minute!
The catalyst to the spirit stone, and then return to Tirith like my soul.
What to hell do we try to! Stop it!
Leni I quit!
Here, holy power, but I had filled the old days... more.
Well, to the tree in the center of the world.
I will work to amplification of the power entrusted the power of Dragon Force in this tree.
However,......... power to gather in this tree that's poor ability.
...... Light, bear fruit golden color is the flower shining when you run through the earth...... against light of Gentle moon, the heavens.
...... That is overflowing fountain of life without the Kanbashiki fragrance...... hesitation.
Thou also light Te, bestow the power to us.
Awakening Mel... brothers.
Are you talking about spirits of others?
Mel... wake up....
Soul of spirits it is restored!?
Is this the grace of Taiki?
The power of Taiki and Dragon Force of light, is trying to bestow the power back into the land of legend la.
Is felt. A breath of warm wind world... is....
Leni!
I apologize for the worry. Bozakku king
A miracle....
Two world light moth current Le.
I have fusion certainly half of my soul and the soul of Tirith like.
However, so all my I did not necessarily lost.
Part is the essence of I was sprung, I was wandering the void.
And, Guided by this light, it was come back.
Wind has changed....
Daichi wo Mamoru Rishi king. We asked Ranochikarawo Meteirunoka.
Brothers!
I spirits! To protect from the power of darkness the earth, I want you to lend power to me!
Well, the power of the spirits is Na gathered.
After that, the only defeat Bukkake the bastard Guranderu to....
And it is the seal of darkness Dragon Force.
It is not possible for Gangasu like, a powerful barrier, proceeding....
Now, majesty brothers.
MY god? Were returned by the power of darkness! Person who is not a power only impassable here?
Though, the recent war, It looks like back in the days of far ancestors. You know, for some time from Is no longer have eight warrior.
Eight warrior? Is it is not a mistake of eight swordsman?
No, I've been told you eight warrior... first.
After a short delay Mado~uruku legendary campaign was over, eight warriors they disappeared. Rumor is likely to have passed many, at that time.
In fact because it was seriously injured in the war in Mado~uruku incarnation of God, and also, also returned to heaven role is over, they were said to be dead.
Anyway, made a lot then bronze statue, Inc., mound, and historical sites to honor the eight warriors they,....
It's carried the foot most there, it was knights and swordsman. Sword skill they, it's so as to progress.
Then after a while, you have reached the time of war again era. At that time, Dan swordsman fighting with banner in the name of they've got appeared.
For example, I swordsman such as Dan "heart of Wayne...". In fact one of the ancestors of which, Is was the head of such a swordsman team!
Eight warrior legend was transformed into the story of eight swordsman by them. It the story of the beautiful hero. And has been handed down in many places still.
To worship people just a few more people.... In a sense, it might that mean the beginning of the age of the person, the end of the era of the gods...
Whether it was a... so.
Tsu Hi, everyone. Do you came to see the town of us, in the Central Library was revived today?
Central Library? The reconstruction?
That's right. Hey, I was there a library from time immemorial in this village. Although I have rough dive in recent years... war.
The recently restored, I became quite beautiful.
Huh, do you... library.
During the repair, interesting things, too many have been excavated. Hey are you quite different from the terrain of now... such as the old map.
Get it. What continent of the past, shape I'm different.
I hear a time when one time, even words also lost, and there was. I do not know that you are familiar literature, materials or anything in there without
At that time, continent it might have changed the shape.
In addition, I also found this that says the story of Mado~uruku Senki. Talk and Mado~uruku, of Yara Gideon of his men.
That sounds like fun. So, Is there any description of the toggled group?
I think it is, was written somewhere, but still old article Nde not been organized completely....
I see.
MY god? Were returned by the power of darkness! Person who is not a power only impassable here?
People who grew up... new. I'm pulling the blood and my, everyone... maybe. But....
, Furesuto Lord to travel from time to time Nante wonder strong. Not stand me....