It is dangerous to come! Now should I back... is.
Decision baht like, that fight Deucia-like somehow to not change even now? Tchuu antagonize the people... Ola.
For example, do not even going to be called a traitor
You So if that came to convey the last warning, you Tsutaero to guy. If you get the neck always.
Hey I was relieved to hear it. Please let baht fight together like, well Ola.
I just that guy can not forgive. Guy is a villain you do not snobby.
Was found. However, the blood of you toggled is flowing, I'll be hard fight.
Do not because bet on this hand compatriots.
The other, I think Ola, painful is accustomed. Than that, who is the baht like spicy so.
It is a qualification Stefano, too enough to fight it with us if you know.
Or they are like baht, the baht like?
I do not hold here baht like? Misuse?
You... can not forgive Ora, the Deucia. Guy is a villain you do not snobby!
Please let fight along with the baht also like Ola.
Was found. I think like baht also be pleased.
Furesuto hall. Tower that there in the desert?
You think you're around here. In this sandstorm, anything to....
It does not then you'll have to wait for the storm to break in the weather.
Na...... awful sandstorm.
Atashi is, dancers Medea red. My role's bury here anyone who comes to looking for a Tirith.
I am sorry. All the way, the middle of this desert had to come, but it end here.
Again, there are Tirith queen here.
You guys can not meet. Because, because be killed to Atashi.
... When it is Medea? Well, wait. I do wait, Medea!!
Baht! It's the baht? Why you are here
You, or was invited to that voice? Is it that became a member of the family of witches?
Because, because.... Otherwise, there was no way....
And still make it if from now. Do not give in to temptation of the power of darkness.
Also, I mean back to life to be persecuted human?
Indeed, in response to the persecution, ours may not must live in the shade.
Just because, it is possible to control destroyed the human is not the solution!
Its, it.... Not fight with you...... baht.
Do not is the toggled your acquaintance... toggled, the baht like.
No way, the Asmodian Medea is....
Baht like.
It is an old story....
All right. It will not get to ask any more now.
It does not necessarily also must not have Asmodian another. Well, thank you Mr. Furesuto, a guide
Tirith like,... this is.
However, do not have guarded like a barrier. In this, it is not close.
Heck, what do I do?
Please wait. Or alternatively, if you use this pendant....
When I felt the message of Queen Tirith, this pendant was reaction.
This pendant seek, ancient to... Highland.
I have heard that when the queen Tirith, the wedding ceremony of Highland king like Wayne, was a gift from the Moon Palace.
The pendant Deep fate and Tirith queen
I think, or should I bring close to the Queen... and this.
Well, like Shirin, thank you
Yes.
Barrier is gone,....
...................
It seems there is no consciousness. For now, let's take you.
It is everyone fan of Dahlia country. Welcome to the Moon Palace. We do not like conflict.
Thank god for that. We are came to discussion.
I see. I Clift. We assist the affairs of the Queen like Leni.
It is at once, but I would like to wish you Medori Leni... queen.
I'm sorry, but Leni queen is in good night mood is not good right now.
It is everyone fan of Dahlia country. Welcome to the Moon Palace. We do not like conflict.
Thank god for that. We are came to discussion.
I see. I Clift. We assist the affairs of the Queen like Leni.
It is at once, but I would like to wish you Medori Leni... queen.
When it is review of Tirith queen, please tell.
Tirith queen? Do you.... Okay, right away.
Welcome to the Moon Palace.
Here is a beautiful country....
Thank you.
So... that, although the story was that reviews like... Tirith.
If I said Tirith queen is alive, will you believe?
Tirith... sama. Do you... so you started to live.
Do not be surprised?
Voice have something to tell my heart always. Kind voice I think all those who live on earth, the world....
Premonition I had to, I. Lord of the voice... someone.
Then, talk fast. From the hands of the Asmodian, I we rescued the queen Tirith.
I was Mr. rescued, but still went to sleep, queen'm not trying to waking.
Is the home of Tirith like, if this Moon Palace, It is able to wake up the Queen of... possible.
I would that.
I, at once, let's find out how to awaken the Tirith like.
To thank you.
In, like baht, while waiting for a contact....
Do not it, attach a great deal of cooperation in one country.
Baht like. In order to counter the Asmodian, even one requires many comrades.
It is everyone fan of Dahlia country. Welcome to the Moon Palace.
Leni queen is just like to get a conference... peaceful.
I can not discuss that... responsibility fan dahlia king is not imperative to come.
Hey, maple, and Calm down.
Shen! Why are you here! And, are you a fan dahlia army?
Well, me calm down. For now, Ya Let's go to the castle of Mr. baht.
Well, I increases with the explanation along with the fan dahlia king baht, are fighting the demons tribe... now.
And Asmodian?
What somehow tried to drown in the sea, the you, Taro have Asmodian?
Yeah, but I forgot the name.
To defeat the guy, baht became king of fan dahlia.
In you, you then are fighting and Asmodian are eyeing this continent.
It lent the power maple Hey, to me.
'S not you, it will fan the dahlia king.
Either one's the same.
Oh, I'm different. According to the rumor, the king of baht fan Dahlia's not manly pretty good.
You, Na decide the fate of the country at the discretion of the appearance!
The will is determined to joke. Well, you can guide at the baht king. Izumo I also enter the alliance of fan dahlia.
Na, I'm a... What.
How to wake up the Tirith like is folded like Leni is now looking. Please be patient.
Well, here or....
Gangasu dono? Who do you have to talk about?
Nothing. The Look, it's beautiful. Spirit stone... this.
Moreover, so many....
... Be sure... Leave it to me... Oh.
Gangasu... dono?
Never mind, Seth. I'll rush to the Cathedral of Moon Palace!
Baht like, because it is an important ritual, I'd like to and Gangasu like.
Gangasu like, because it is an important ritual, I'd like to like the baht.
Had been waiting for.
It is a big tree.
Since time immemorial, this tree seems to watch over the world, the Moon Palace. Tree in the center of the world, I call so.
It seems like there was a fight outside....
Oh, guys Asmodian also desperate. Very much, it seems troubled Tirith Queen waking up.
I'll have brought the spirit stone.
Power of nature is not it? Full of air.
Divine power... It is said had been gathered from all over the world here previously.
However, its power is also weakened by now
... But but is sad, the force required to ritual has been left barely.
Leni... like....
So, I will start ceremony. Sorry, please have a little down everyone.
At that time... incurred a heavy wound to the heart, the Queen, was cast to void a half of soul like Tirith.
I inherit the soul, have received the raw... I....
The catalyst to the spirit stone, and then return to Tirith like my soul.
Wait a minute. Return the soul? Well, then, Mr. Leni, what Anta made.
That will be lost as the soul....
Wait,... such a thing.
Feeling baht hall, of Leni like, please give know.
Oh my god!
What, This is.... No more, I will not proceed.
Baht sama! This is....
Apparently, all around the continent has emerged, strong barrier seems to run throughout.
Though, the recent war, It looks like back in the days of far ancestors. You know, for some time from Is no longer have eight warrior.
Eight warrior? Is it not that mistake of eight swordsman?
No, I've been told you eight warrior... first.
After a short delay Mado~uruku legendary campaign was over, eight warriors they disappeared. Rumor is likely to have passed many, at that time.
In fact because it was seriously injured in the war in Mado~uruku incarnation of God, and also, also returned to heaven role is over, they were said to be dead.
Anyway, made a lot then bronze statue, Inc., mound, and historical sites to honor the eight warriors they,....
It's carried the foot most there, it was knights and swordsman. Sword skill they, it's so as to progress.
Then after a while, you have reached the time of war again era. At that time, Dan swordsman fighting with banner in the name of they've got appeared.
For example, I swordsman such as Dan "heart of Wayne...". In fact one of the ancestors of which, Is was the head of such a swordsman team!
Eight warrior legend was transformed into the story of eight swordsman by them. It the story of the beautiful hero. And has been handed down in many places still.
To worship people just a few more people.... In a sense, it might that mean the beginning of the age of the person, the end of the era of the gods...
Whether it was a... so.
Tsu Hi, everyone. Do you came to see the town of us, in the Central Library was revived today?
Central Library? The reconstruction?
That's right. Hey, I was there a library from time immemorial in this village. Although I have rough dive in recent years... war.
The recently restored, I became quite beautiful.
Huh, do you library,....
During the repair, interesting things, too many have been excavated. Hey are you quite different from the terrain of now... such as the old map.
Boron, the continent of the past, and shape, different.
I hear a time when one time, even words also lost, and there was. I do not know that you are familiar literature, materials or anything in there without
At that time, continent it might have changed the shape.
In addition, I also found this that says the story of Mado~uruku Senki. Talk and Mado~uruku, of Yara Gideon of his men.
However, old article Nde still not been completely organized....
I see. Too bad.
Oh!? The power of strong darkness!? Return the body!
People who grew up... new. I'm pulling the blood and my, everyone... maybe. But....
, Furesuto Lord to travel from time to time Nante wonder strong. Not stand me....