Do you allow the kick-off?
Do you want to kick-off which warlords?
Do you forgive Shutsujin denial?
Gangasu sama! Can not retreat!
Gangasu like, is the defeat of our forces....
Gangasu like, is the victory of our troops!
Do you really retreat?
I will get down to prepare for retreat immediately
Enemy was retreating.
Seems to have soldiers who fled to delay... retreating.
Was Ubaikaesa prisoners military commander of the enemy that had been caught!
Was lost to enemy prisoners military commander!
I rescued the warlord allies had been caught!
I took the prisoner military commander of the enemy!
The same fool Domo, many times to come. Here we go!
Stupid human Domo. We will receive Asmodian Ground!
Who even a fool? The huh In the fight to sell to me? We're Gonna a good courage.
My name is Estaing. Swordsman Estaing of black
Does anyone care, Yarouze Itcho Come on!
The guy Hung, buckish. I'm going to absorb a soul in my magic sword!
Come on, Bring it. I'm going to absorb a soul in my magic sword.
Well, you love. I'll carved horror of magic sword, the body of you guys.
It did come again, What. I'll say, I'll become a partner again and again.
What? Differents we?
Wow, real!? It's a real dragon tribe!
It is the king of Gangasu Bozakku. You, Na is so strong.
Indeed. It is Kinsella of dragon family, but what we're for.
Okay, anyone from good, if there is a person about the defeat cracking Bring it, I'll become a friend of you.
Hun, Do not be angle sticky and barking.
We I were you just bored. I'll become a partner.
I do not live on the street think so.
Heh heh to, do you want to interfere Tsu use of me! The yo,'ll game!
It's me trying to match and I Do not have took around somewhere from a good courage!
In the name of Gangasu like, what you are going Kitana-so the forest is not allowed.
If you want the face of my toggled, the corps of invincibility strongest per cent ~, I a foolish fellow!
Hun, this, underachiever looks!
In boric..., what do you wait and see.
During my sword, to protect the people who live there and homeland!
Hear the story! I have something to listen to
King of Bozakku, Gangasu-like, and want to talk....
It is not willing to talk with the invaders!
Is good idea Oreyo parable is this sword, I will not give up hope. Well, come, but it takes good.
Now I want to pick up your wish before they become a pain in the neck, but... I wonder.... Yappa? Huh... no good.
Hear the story! I have something to listen to
King of Bozakku, Gangasu-like, and want to talk....
I even a good-natured, how is being fought against their own country, We're Gonna can not help but comment.
I... persistent, even you. Is it the same thing no matter how it comes.
You do the challenge to fight by ambition? If I try to take the sword. In order to protect this country!
Hear the story! I have something to listen to
King of Bozakku, Gangasu-like, and want to talk....
Well, come, but it takes good. But, I'll fight I will also become a Shura. To be prepared, but good.
You do the challenge to fight by ambition? If I try to take the sword. In order to protect this country!
I'll is the bad guys. Kathmandu!
Hear the story! I have something to listen to
King of Bozakku, Gangasu-like, and want to talk....
Copy that. Combat system standby
Kathmandu, Watakushi I'll not give up!
Kenai so negative!
I'll regret not be stupid it is to turn the blade in my state... and than from the dead.
Hear the story! I have something to listen to
King of Bozakku, Gangasu-like, and want to talk....
or Not is should I lose, to Monodomo of humble birth like you guys!
or Not is should I lose, to Monodomo of humble birth like you guys!
There is resentment of what, I attack the Izumo! I'll not allow anyone!
Hear the story! I have something to listen to
King of Bozakku, Gangasu-like, and want to talk....
I thought with a small country, I do not lick! Atashi fight even become one of the last soldier!
There is resentment of what, it is not allowed to attack of the Izumo!
Why? Why I invade the Moon Palace?
Hear the story! I have something to listen to
King of Bozakku, Gangasu-like, and want to talk....
It is not possible to return after my power is another... it is not enough....
It is not possible to return after my power is another... it is not enough....
My name is Gideon's house and, in the darkness. An unexpected squid by order of our Lord, to the translation through here.
The same thing no matter how it comes. Well, It's coming at stake in mind to die.
We Gideon. One of the three warrior mystics. But may come at stake.
I was troubled. Then you've strained the destination.
Please out of one's way, there.
I if there are for the people that control too.
Orvault!? Gangasu sama!
I if there are for the people that control too.
Seth is likely to fail the worry. What is Leave it to me.
I was troubled. To you guys, it is proceed any further....
All the way, It is me by visiting to become the experiment my body. It is a thing hardships.
Differents us! Shogyo, I'll let regret differents us!
Did you say... Bozakku, such as Gongosu that barbarians? Hey guy... was strong.
Differents, why I know Gongosu like
Husband, self-introduction is I was still. One of the three warrior mystics, Atashi is Grace. Well, It's the beginning of the fun feast.
I'm good, I'm good. Come and get any number of times. I I'll be your partner again and again. Hahahahahaha.
Well, come. Let's let them spend a good time.
We were driven out of paradise. How it was any reason, the thing long ago... you do not remember... already.
Brotherhood of countless died.... About an unexpected can also dig the grave, who a lot of.... hunger, in frustration....
Is multiplied by the time it seemingly forever, my family has spun words of curse Wareto. It was food that revenge... it is live.
Then, we got the power to come back to paradise. Power of Darkness, Dragon Force.... Power of revenge....
O king of the ground! Left in this world is you, a ray of hope... the last.
If you defeat all of the revenge ends. Darkness dominates the return back to there without the world. Darkness of cold beautiful jet black....
Well, Let me fulfill my wish! By darkness, the dream of eternity to us!
Following carp from getting stronger! Fuhahaha is....
That it has a no... I have, ze took the blunder.
I did not have better luck. But, I'll believe.
Than I thought, I seem to do.
Hun, puerile. It's not nothing interesting in this.
Hee hee! Hehhehhe! I won my sama!
Fuhahaha you! The strong, I'll strong, our strongest toggled Army!!
Now, please go back to their own country quietly.
Ta~a the fight against Tsu to to, to us, That was reckless!
Now, please go back to their own country quietly.
Do you hurt? I is I'm sorry. But you'll'm bad!
Do you understand? The folly it is to oppose to Tristan.
Hey... Anta. To come flocked to the country of people without permission, do not you know me Mon courtesy?
Whether, please leave now with pay sword. Moon Palace does not have wanted the war.
Mogake heh heh..., I Mushikera both. It's lament the powerlessness of their own!
To you guys, you'll not be able to defeat me. Kukukuku....
Kukukuku..., Hey not to talk. The Okureyo you satisfied. I this! The Okureyo as thrilled!
Mogake heh heh..., I Mushikera both. It's lament the powerlessness of their own!
Well, I think I know why delight apparently. However, it is not at that time yet. I'll Let's add an end one!
Scree and wait!
Master of the terrible sword. And evil sword
Conclusion let's one.
Daichi wo Mamoru Rishi king. We asked Ranochikarawo Meteirunoka.
Brothers!
I spirits! To protect from the power of darkness the earth, I want you to lend power to me!
Wakatta,... and Wang Dan earth wo... Bruno blessing.
Jill feeling... ghosts... Bruno tower.
YOU did it well. However, I am still....
The curtain went up to much trouble... I regret. Now in its conclusion that the death of you, this stage, I No close the curtain.
No person who meet in my magic sword.
YOU did it well. No way, far and hunt down... me. However, good luck lasting for is up to here.
We became the revenge! Well, you'll Tsudoe darkness! I repainted the earth!!
Stupid. My magic sword is supposed to be invincible Wareto.
Estaing is... there! Ran away!
Fu, I was overwhelmed. It is a win you.
In you, lend me the power to me. Help me become a friend of me.
So, please take a friend of Gangasu like if.
No...'s. Well, would be nice.
I found Gangasu like, the old man had been hanging around the castle.
Eagle GUM Ho. This dwarf was saved. In fact, I Ja had been trapped in toggled or something Giorgio who is near here.
Do not have Jima~tsu jumped to the castle of toggled also, where is... ran away. Mother.
Gu~o~o~o~o~o~o~o!
Why!? Why Åò ~!? elite corps of subtle this eagle was subjected to Teshio is defeated is!?
Is easy. Is from weak.
Enclosed.......
It is what it is called fate,.
I'll put in special bunch Gangasu like, this guy, this is dangerous so.
Oh, Highland of glory or ever
Later Gangasu like, and prisoners of war, I will now proceed with the conference at the Castle.
Tch!! Ze... fumbled.
Later Gangasu like, and prisoners of war, I will now proceed with the conference at the Castle.
Also defeat... this, or my fate cursed....
Later Gangasu like, and prisoners of war, I will now proceed with the conference at the Castle.
....... I I have lost.
Later Gangasu like, and prisoners of war, I will now proceed with the conference at the Castle.
Or mistake of stupid tactics...? Our mechanized division is said also that way, brittle.
Later Gangasu like, and prisoners of war, I will now proceed with the conference at the Castle.
Atashi is the Yo Why does lose! Over that good a sense afford to want Yaa ze!
Later Gangasu like, and prisoners of war, I will now proceed with the conference at the Castle.
No way...,... this.
Later Gangasu like, and prisoners of war, I will now proceed with the conference at the Castle.
Well, It's the struggle at best. Day of the destruction brought about by our Lord close.
Gideon is! Ran away!
N? Whoa, it's what? I'll see anything in the middle of the desert.
The tower,... in the middle of the desert? But... look like??
Oh, whatever their, no doubt that there is a tower Tirith queen.
Let's withdraw this time. In addition, I am looking forward to when you meet.
Orvault! Or run away!
What did you do! The end or the other! Oh, Do not Ya wanted ran away!?
The savage taste chip, only wielding a sword... brute force.
Grace... Nigeashi is... It is fast.
Well, It's the struggle at best. Day of the destruction brought about by our Lord close.
Gideon, do you run away...!
Well, I think I know why delight apparently. However, it is not at that time yet. I'll Let's add an end one!
Scree and wait!
Master of the terrible sword. And evil sword
Conclusion let's one.
Daichi wo Mamoru Rishi king. We asked Ranochikarawo Meteirunoka.
Brothers!
I spirits! To protect from the power of darkness the earth, I want you to lend power to me!
Wakatta,... and Wang Dan earth wo... Bruno blessing.
Jill feeling... ghosts... Bruno tower.
Estaing!... Did you escape.
Well, here, I wonder if only to welcome the Gangasu like the rest.
Orvault! It is a reward this is played Mote the hearts of the people.
Ask! I missed!...... Revive the family of you from now to keep promises.
It does allow that any more, to humiliate me and my family.
Why, I have this, why! Himself tut, you bastards! You, I remember!
Clause, remember shit per cent... get...... me.
Oh, body Orvault Yuku collapses...!
Although I thought at last light of the sun, the smell of grass, babbling brook, and dance with gorgeous... stage.
The inhabitants of darkness, are you such that not suitable after all? I sad. Is not it sad....
The Medea... pathetic last moment.
Yeah, the way you are sword. Do me crying in sorrow the death of me. If, suppose we go back into the darkness together.
Apparently, it seems the world is too dazzling for me... we here.
This, of... real... or non-death, of light... door... this is.
Last moment of... Orvault.
Domo descendent of the goddess Shi Oiyari to the bottom of the earth us! Again, you can either confront before me to have the power of him!
That!
The power of the darkness will become mighty!
If this goes on....
Do not lose your head!
Ha ha come Tareri data come... two raw earth kill all tenofovir brothers at the time when. Wang Dan area postrema blessing wo!
Land of Legend La. Life of all to live there, to protect everything! The Believe me. And leave it to me.
Light.... Imawashiki this light, this light he was cornered us!
We do perish....... We were trying to make the light again, the land of paradise Azumi A new.......
Or was the case.
Nothingness.... Shi asked for our darkness, reach the world of nothingness.... It was not in the land of relief.
Had tied us is, the darkness of the mind with the self rather than the darkness of the abyss. Kuroki the chain, It looks had tied us unawares...
And was never to be solved by destroying the Black chain,....
He was never to have played a vengeance, our soul is opened.
That'to fight darkness in his own, seek the power of light, the wrong road... we wonder was path to liberation.
And now, I understood. Go full of light, void of my heart... is.
This or what was the release of relief... true...
You take care now, Gangasu like.
Is it really gonna say?
Yeah, have to pay the power of light and Tirith like a tree in the center of the world.
Let's let road new light on the continent I remain in the cathedral, and, raising foster its power.
I think in time it is what makes, I do not know, but we Let's watch. this world... you've saved.
It's not only the power of me. Is the power of all those who live in La legend. Do not say it, but well-worn.
So... This.
So, do not as fit as a fiddle.
Yes. Also Gangasu like.
Leni is not like I'm going to say. Paddles good, O king.
Hey! Gangasu like even though Nikki been decided with much trouble, things like bring up again!
Did he thing?
I Ja things like Leni. Do you not afford to take on this trip?
Oh, there is much to do in the Moon Palace is Leni Leni. It will not go to not get in the way?
Gangasu... like.
Well, then, either to go.
The careful.
The Suu is please be careful....
Oh, and also everyone. For a while, We're Gonna asked for absence.
Now, Reyo Myra he'll care.
Things Bozakku, Are leave it to us with confidence.
Nani! Is all right because there are us. Hey, guys.
O king, I wonder is good and able to meet a lot of spirit.
Yes, Seth.
Yes.
It's going to be a long journey. I'll turn bored'm alone. You also do go together?
Yes......! Gladly....