Gangasu like, make the internal affairs than this.
The Gangasu like, where I have. And to say it's time for an important meeting!
Is Asmodian,....
Thanks to Gangasu like, you are able to fight off Nde Suu.
That's why to say and do must be conceived measures. Where I was gone.
Hey now. Hey not follow from the abandon of that gentleman.
Geez During this time, want to sumo tournament out of the village festival, per cent of I have won shrewdly.
At all, whether there is no awareness as Bozakku king to Gangasu sama!
Well, hey I do not look good in Gangasu like Katahiji to me I'd be doing doing king strangely.
Must. Because it is such, for me you adore everyone it is.
But... I wonder.
It looks like I do have difficulty. Which, do not try to lend.
Gangasu like. It is impossible alone. Now, I'll call the person....
Well, What is your mouth look! Become left to me! Nun!
Oh, Gangasu like indeed!
Seth, it would have been time of the meeting soon surely. The Come tell you, and I do get out to go.
No, I am here.
Now, I do tied up. Before Gonzalez Moaning break the ice, and Come said meeting today's postponed to explain the situation.
Is useless.
The Geez, yeah-yeah-yeah..., your mouth waiting to clean up the damn thing hurry up, it comes out to meeting you Na obstinate.
It is whether it is all right....
Forest moth... dangerous.
Yeah, Seth, I'll go back to the castle in a hurry!
Oh, Wakasama, where I was going until now.
Spirit of the forest is scared! What situation has become?
Population of Asmodian is, seems to have appeared in the border
At all, it's guys you never learn! Well, it is left to me!
Gangasu like.
N? What, aide-de-camp or any Averus
Story earlier, but is the story of the tower of the desert
Oh, do you know something.
I had a dream a while ago. The dream of the tower.
Or dream,. SO WHAT?
Figure of the fox is tower appeared, and faded.
Was reported Gangasu like, the fox,....
Umm. That are in the Topaz, or fox, to speak the words.
How about Gangasu customers, I went to Topaz.
Presence or absence....
Gangasu like, information came in from subordinates.
Such as a queen of elves and beautiful tower of mystery that appears mirage in the desert,....
Ever or What a queen Tirith
Got it! There is no difference in'm sure! Or desert,?
I can see roughly the place. It seems Miruru village near.
Gangasu like, information came in from subordinates.
In the desert in the near Highland, mirage tower timeworn and a figure is apparently been spotted.
It's an interesting story. Do not good to go to see it when it becomes free. But there is interest I will only Tirith legendary.
In addition, I have also obtained information in a cave of trad Noah near the root of the secret that is hidden.
Na it's useful information.
Gangasu like, information came in from subordinates.
It is a strange story, but I heard a rumor fox to speak words that are fighting and Asmodian.
It's something that you also fox fox, hey... strange.
Fox! It, or will that begs... Furesuto.
Furesuto? Ah..., or Giorgio guy was saying?
Also, I am not interested. Interests of I just Tirith legendary.
Gangasu like, information came in from subordinates.
Damage Asmodian in each village is large and vigilantes was organized, it is seems to be wary of the emergence of Asmodian.
Bad luck. Fellows also looks like, struggling considerably. However, there is interest I will only Tirith legendary.
Oh, Bozakku kingdom of the jungle! Per cent - think of a good place that is surrounded by greenery.
Apparently, this person seems to have been taken prisoner of Asmodian.
Think so, it's right. Guys eyes Asmodian, I'll people to realize the horror of this GUM Ho When I met this time.
If attacked by surprise the most part, such as guy, etc., no matter thousand people in the magic of this eagle, but! Those who just overrun
Hey you... How about.
This Ojichama, Suu in Ohora wipe.
Get, or will condemn your main suspect from the eagle?
If you had, how quiet did you have caught?
The Suu in as you said Maria-sama.
Its, it....
Enough, Mr. diisocyanate. Anyway, only resting for a while.
Think so, it is good to rest slowly. Bozakku is, to cherish the old man.
You, do: I can not believe that the king also says eagle! If....
Gentle light... beautiful.
Oh, I think I know why.
Gangasu king? Who do you think will condemn talking
No, never mind.
Wow, and Suu with a clean person. The Suu a good game and like Maria.
Hey! Na to be quiet, and Fiorina.
Åò fiddling. The Suu Maria-sama is a superior
Please be quiet. But, It is a beautiful person indeed.
Na In fact, in order to examine this beautiful elf, eagle's was smelt taken prisoner of Giorgio on purpose!
Ja seems like there is a mysterious power in this elf.
The Åò's mysterious power?
Oh, seems like a fun topic! Ah, but, this elf... somewhere....
I do not know that detailed, but it seems to be the owner of a hell of a magical power.
Ho~o, Masturbatory's from a very do me try to get the guy.
's Right.
Or is at hand in the legend La continent? In its power.
How's, king or Ran bite?
Naa not interested.
Gangasu like, women in this elf,... certainly.
Do you know that? Marquez.
This person,..., the queen of the elves to be appeared in the War Ancient sure.
When you say war, that was sealed the false god of the legendary hero, in the outstanding performance of Gongosu like, or that war.
Although differences in the accurate....
That's right. One of the eight swordsman star dragon that was sung to the legend, it is Tirith Queen.
Its, do you so?
I do ~ Na, I did not know Nde Suu.
And, anyway, the Tirith Queen Ja will condemn still alive.
However, I do believe it is a live person of the age of legend, into the world of now Tirith queen.
Na, So Jaro wonder.
...................
Think so, I'll remembered.
What I remembered, Mr. diisocyanate.
I'm Furesuto. The Ja heard when you are taken prisoner of Giorgio. Certainly, that's Furesuto fox.
Furesuto....
Fox? What's Furesuto or does mean fox?
'm So, I smelt the story so sure Orvault.
Furesuto.... Do you fox... Though it is human?
Somehow, it is Suu cute.
Hun! Fox and even humans, It does not matter to I.
.......
Think so! O king, begs the captive earlier Giorgio.
Whereabouts of Tirith queen, that guy is Ja Nikki should know.
.... Hey, Bring the Giorgio.
Yes, immediately.
The way you are family, why, trying to Araso the land of us?
Are you guys that if you want to to know, are about to be destroyed now.
Loose, you do not know? As long as this is my customers, the Bozakku, does not let you touch one finger.
Yay, Gangasu customers, we Suu De cool.
It's as you said Gangasu like. Eagle also'll fight.
Well, do not he work hard at best. If you come into the hands of my lord, do not because it's not dead in the water in the power of the likes of differents.
If, It's mon Hopefully you bout by all means.
Wonder if all right? O king.
Crock this is, or was still alive.
Contact handmade craft we will begs was smelt looking for Tirith queen?
I do not have to teach to the differents!
In response to the instruction from surgery mechanic or something Orvault, Koyatsu is, will condemn'm looking for a queen
The Queen's Tirith, or What does it holds the something important for you guys?
This guys also use the power of the queen, there is no difference in Nikki trying to get the world. I Nikki decided to do so.
Indeed, the main me of you guys, for some reason does not have the power of about Horoboseru us as yet.
Na's right, O king. I'll it seems whether opportunity to give a surprise to his fellows.
Indeed, damage Asmodian becoming more recently. Here, take the measures are, do not is Ikkei.
Tirith...... Yonderu.
Or queen, is calling....
However, without a clue what....
If scolded, raise tighten the... Koyatsu.
Scary... What cackle.
Everyone, Get down!
The Suu Do scary!
At all, What a guy that can not be used.
Differents, nothing!
To you, in that case you're greeting today. There will also be the opportunity to meet.
So rude.
Seth, are you okay?
Okay... yes.
Na was smelt... spear. Orvault....
Watch out... care to Orvault. As I and Furesuto Do not to do if.......
It is cruel.
Whether having such a good guy in the Asmodian.
It's me who Furesuto than that?
End Ja... but there remember you heard somewhere, did Ja~tsu anywhere.
..., Beauty, ours is also a search for Tirith. Seth, the preparation.
Yes, as of... Ose.
In, What It's or hell. I wonder there is something in that desert, but nothing found now.
It is no choice but to try to explore the other clues.
But what Gangasu customers, I asked the king of Highland?
Highland?
Originally, that desert jurisdiction of Highland. And if Highland king, it might know something.
Seth King, of the Highlands?
I have heard say such as Averus, it's young king.
All right, you call a Averus hall.
Oh, it's so healthy.
The story of the desert like Gangasu example, the Averus hall.
Husband, and it was so. Mr. Averus, for the tower of the desert in the north, do you know something?
Tower in the desert..., by chance, do you looking for Tirith queen?
Do you know that?
Yes.... Shirin of my sister I saw the apparition.
Or... so. Do not may be the same and I saw. In, where I'm certain the tower?
Tower standing in the desert, tower of ghosts. The Habami the intruder in the sandstorm, you do not know anyone... place.
Or... so. It can not be helped. I went to other countries, not collect information.
Gangasu like, information came in from subordinates.
It is a mysterious fox previously, was in the story, but it seems to be huddled under the king of Shen Topaz now.
Or topaz. Do not do was allied with Mr. Shen. Do you have met him.
Method. Even in the face of the fox, I wonder if I go to worship a little.
The Geez, it went and let Tekozura. And I thought that was son of hothouse just, but not bad, fine.
The Suu a really. The Suu do was strong.
However, I was not able to defeat in war, to protect the people of Highland.
Well, the thing is not to blame yourself so. Country runs out, without have king, people can live.
People he should be able to live with nature.
But... I need the power to protect the people.
Now, should I Mamore more people with the power of you and me. Is not it? Do not try to lend force to believe me?
Now, do you that it is not when you are stuck in the country....
Well, from the threat of Asmodian, now might be is time to protect the countries around the world together.
It's that kind of thing. Well, it is left to me.
Okay, Bozakku king. Let's believe in you.
The Suu A~i I, fellow is increased.
But, I go my way. Daze no rocket science.
The story of the desert like Gangasu example, the Averus hall.
Husband, and it was so. Mr. Averus, for the tower of the desert in the north, do you know something?
Tower in the desert..., by chance, do you looking for Tirith queen?
Do you know that?
Yes.... Shirin of my sister I saw the apparition.
Or... so. Do not may be the same and I saw. In, where I'm certain the tower?
Tower standing in the desert, tower of ghosts. The Habami the intruder in the sandstorm, you do not know anyone... place.
Or... so. It can not be helped. I went to other countries, not collect information.
The story of the desert like Gangasu example, the Averus hall.
Husband, and it was so. Mr. Averus, for the tower of the desert in the north, do you know something?
Tower standing in the desert, tower of ghosts. It is said to Habami the intruder in the sandstorm, and do not know anyone place.
Na was. And there I saw the Tirith.
So I saw Tirith!?
For Tirith, you do not know something
...... No, nothing. However, if the cylinder... sister.
I do not know, but I might find something Why do not you say....
That's good. In either try to say.
Gangasu like, rude to the ~.
What happened?
Hey, you.
You!
Atashi?
Hey, Yo~o somehow.
Grandpa of your country.
Kansuke is the matter?
Are you persistently dogged! Shen like... My.
Of us!
Guy...... grandfather!
Gangasu king, Atashi rude at this!
Well, The Ouch.'m Strong you.
Anta, Na manly a lot.
I can not be helped that doing things you just do, was it went lost. Well, generals what will you do?
If, you'll have the power to lend me.
I love. Can you do that with me from henchman be combined, You say stick to the bottom of you.
The well Oh, and Suu fellow is increased.
By the way Shen. Do not you have one or pet is funny fox in place of you?
Are you talking about that... Oyajigitsune.
... Or is he looking for me? I Bozakku king.
Fox I was really talking!
Have the pleasure of seeing Ohatsu, Bozakku king. I Furesuto. I have served on the staff of this Shen now for a reason.
Fox speak the language even in the forest of Bozakku not cage. And you are doing the staff of a country, do not surprise.
Konokitsuneha difference c. Janai fox.
Furesuto's. Anta, original or human?
Ho~o, O king, do not I understand well. Indeed, the figure of fox now is human stuff I originally provisional.
Is the original's sage-like.
It is the shape of a fox, why is that a wise man?
It becomes longer talk....
Na to... briefly.
I did not I have worked all over the looking Tirith queen.
Tirith!?
Do you know the queen.
Na Well, I know enough face.
Story came getting interesting.
King as you know, something is going to Okoshiro legend La continent current.
And, why happens. Everyone, the cause is not known to me.
Do you know the eight swordsman star dragon?
It is the legendary hero!
Story of long ago...... false god Mado~uruku. We The Brave, left buried from this earth guy....
By the power of the Dragon Force.
We? In... you also.
Hey, old man, too me what was the companion of eight swordsman!? The daze 500 years ago, 500 years!
I who was caught in the Hazama of time and space. I've lived the years of life or more people out to this world and go back and forth Between dimension.
Nya. The Suu do not know at all.
It is difficult for something, but because of the's Between The point that dimension, or What does it slower than humans to take the years?
... Typhoon.
It is that kind of thing.
If, in you, do you know what is going to Okoshiro now?
I am not a prophet.
Asmodian,... Orvault. After that there exist such as false god behind it... If.
Orvault! Guy I'm behind the scenes.
Or acquaintance?
To determine the whereabouts of Tirith queen, I was requested to help trad King Noah when.
So, demon mystery I've been attacked.
Be transformed into a fox me in the magic last, trad King Noah, it seems had been knocked down.
For wounds received at that time, I lose memory, which had been wandering the countries.
Thanks to Shen, I would have recovered memory.... Then you've gone back to her original form.
Incident seems to be also a sign of catastrophe has occurred in various locations. Haunt of Asmodian its evidence
On the other hand, You are to seem if Tirith queen, someone to show some kind of answer.
Could you have raised the left hand Gangasu palace, and rude?
Red Sea?
It's still... Unfortunately, Kiden the power of Dragon Force....
It does not seem to have a qualification called the swordsman of eight star dragon.
Who piloted the force of arms... Dragon Force Dragon, mark that appears in the eight swordsman star dragon. No to You also this Shen to....
What are you gonna do happens if I was?
Received the blessings of the goddess Astaire, was overthrew the gods Mado~uruku is, the power of eight swordsman our star dragon to manipulate... Dragon Force.
When flow, seemed to have gone to those who inherit the power to....
Goddess Astaire was entrusted the land to the people on the ground and eight swordsman us, star dragon Mado~uruku campaign is over.
So, whether it's not win to us such as false god When you back!
Na is still in... now.
If, even so, I would we do should not be confronted without passing by that guy?
Tirith Queen I'm holding the key.
Okay, first let's go to find Tirith. I'll get cooperation, Mr. Shen.
I know.
If, directions to the tower I am.
O king, Asmodian Nikki also eyeing the Queen'll toward the tower of ghosts in a hurry. I'll not help off guard.
Well, okay, you call me a Shen.
Yes.
Challenge, Gangasu hall?
Shen, do not you have one or pet is funny fox in place of you?
Are you talking about that... Oyajigitsune.
... Or is he looking for me? I Bozakku king.
Fox I was really talking!
Have the pleasure of seeing Ohatsu, Bozakku king. I Furesuto. I have served on the staff of this Shen now for a reason.
Fox speak the language even in the forest of Bozakku not cage. And you are doing the staff of a country, do not surprise.
Konokitsuneha difference c. Janai fox.
Furesuto's. Anta, original or human?
Ho~o, O king, do not I understand well. Indeed, the figure of fox now is human stuff I originally provisional.
Is the original's sage-like.
It is the shape of a fox, why is that a wise man?
It becomes longer talk....
Briefly... Na.
I did not I have worked all over the looking Tirith queen.
Tirith!?
Do you know the queen.
Na Well, I know enough face.
Story came getting interesting.
King as you know, something is going to Okoshiro legend La continent current.
And, why happens. Everyone, the cause is not known to me.
Do you know the eight swordsman star dragon?
It is the legendary hero!
Story of long ago...... false god Mado~uruku. We The Brave, left buried from this earth guy....
By the power of the Dragon Force.
We? In... you also.
Hey, old man, too me what was the companion of eight swordsman!? The daze 500 years ago, 500 years!
I who was caught in the Hazama of time and space. I've lived the years of life or more people out to this world and go back and forth Between dimension.
The Suu do not know at all.
It is difficult for something, but because of the's Between The point that dimension, or What does it slower than humans to take the years?
... Typhoon.
It is that kind of thing.
If, in you, do you know what is going to Okoshiro now?
I am not a prophet.
Asmodian,... Orvault. After that there exist such as false god behind it... If.
Orvault! Guy I'm behind the scenes.
Or acquaintance?
To determine the whereabouts of Tirith queen, I was requested to help trad King Noah when.
So, demon mystery I've been attacked.
Be transformed into a fox me in the magic last, trad King Noah, it seems had been knocked down.
For wounds received at that time, I lose memory, which had been wandering the countries.
Thanks to Shen, I would have recovered memory.... Then you've gone back to her original form.
Incident seems to be also a sign of catastrophe has occurred in various locations. Haunt of Asmodian its evidence
On the other hand, You are to seem if Tirith queen, someone to show some kind of answer.
Could you have raised the left hand Gangasu palace, and rude?
Red Sea?
It's still... Unfortunately, Kiden the power of Dragon Force....
It does not seem to have a qualification called the swordsman of eight star dragon.
Who piloted the force of arms... Dragon Force Dragon, mark that appears in the eight swordsman star dragon. This, no to You also Shen to....
What are you gonna do happens if I was?
Received the blessings of the goddess Astaire, was overthrew the gods Mado~uruku the power of eight swordsman our star dragon to manipulate... Dragon Force.
When flow, seemed to have gone to those who inherit the power to....
Goddess Astaire has entrusted the land to the people on the ground and eight swordsman us, star dragon Mado~uruku campaign is over.
So, whether it's not win to us such as false god When you back!
Na is still in... now.
If, even so, I would we do should not be confronted without passing by that guy?
Tirith Queen I'm holding the key.
All right, let's go out and find that guy that Tirith. I'll get cooperation, Mr. Shen.
I know.
If, directions to the tower I am.
O king, Asmodian Nikki also eyeing the Queen'll toward the tower of ghosts in a hurry. I'll not help off guard.
Country there with nature..., Do not beautiful. Kiden from a very've barricade this nature.
Do not I do not think mon is good dressed like that
Do not you understand climate, the story. It is this beautiful nature..., good country.
It at all.
The Suu so.
Kiden seems to have been blessed that nature. It is felt for me.
I also, would be living under the sun as Kiden?
I elaborate I do not think such a painful solid. The good to Irya set to normal.
Thank you, and... Bozakku king, my fan dahlia will pledge obedience to You.
All right!
Dwarf, Suu fellow at increased noisily. Min!
I should I Kurere lend only power I do not like the me of a submission.
Hey, do not get to melting in the mass of the dangerous iron, my lamb.
Machine! Mass of iron! What to hate!
Kathmandu I It is not a mass of iron. And Sanisu, Watakushi is the princess of trad Noah even this.
Rude things.
Oh, I know. Because it was found, hear the story of my time being.
Such a thing, and Chimae break!
Rude thing!
Gangasu! Do not leave off that!
What happened Shen.
The guy Kathmandu. I of the evil that was trampling the legend in La Mado~uruku campaign!
Or so along! I feel like I saw somewhere When did you...!
do you believe that the fox say? Kathmandu is a good Kathmandu.
Hey, What's good for the bad such as the Kathmandu do you Ann?
or Not is why it is!
Yama Ha argument Tsu included Ndena!
Yeah, the habit of Nan'nimo do not know!
Furesuto's. Apparently, for me this Kathmandu's just like a good guy
Sonotoori.
Its, do we... so.
He does such a good guy in the machine! I will not believe Washer!
Lee guy good overall two, Kathmandu.
Na this or not, and Suu cute.
That right! You understand?
Well, do not because such a place's sensibility of Fiorina.
Er example, Maria-sama! What huh'm saying!
Well..., Do not being said is basically....
Kathmandu, very good Ides!
Mother... is.
But..., the machine... enemy.
Gonzalez Well Well! Though there are quite interested in this machine I.
Yo~o...... Please listen to me.
That's better.
However, do not guy a high-Bee.
So, Queen, How can we make the world we're going.
How to... What? I know! Very, Watakushi, right? Become POW!?
What is not! Do I look to ensure that such a thing?
~ N.
I do not think. For crying out loud.
So...? So, what is Watakushi should I do?
Hey looks. First, I want to rent a Country's Army queen.
Because I have lost the war, there is no way, but there is only one condition.
What conditions Dai.
I'm looking for your father.
It is a trad Noah king of destination that is missing.
Yeah..., or to Nan, and Suu talking about a sad....
If you are interested in helping, Kathmandu and Watakushi is, I will lend power to Bozakku.
I just need... army.
Well, I have been called here, I guess in order to decide in the way of execution.
Mai'm not a country of Anta, and nothing is more dangerous Nante executions in Bozakku.
Na is inefficient. That criminals correction in Hodasare to such information and I'm a rare case.
You, Na disgusting.
King bud machine! You're the enemy!
If, to execution, but good. If not I'll kill you someday.
Shit! Do not a menace.
Gangasu like, this guy, let's execution
I also think with. Stranger enemy!
Well, but I want to tell you the legend variety before killing....
Le... Also coming. Nachikara evil.
Shit!
Well, what is Suu!?
I was fiasco. Although I going to Sashiageyo I have executed much trouble.
Orvault! Is this the way you guys...! Is it that even I truncate.
Do not apply the information to the loser. Is it not there in the way of you?
Or going to that from the beginning! Or did not mean to keep such promises.
It's called revive his wife and daughter is It's was a nonsense!
End and naan or story....
Shit! Differents, I do forgive!
It seems to have screwed up the execution, but it is trivial. The processing of your addition, I help you to think later.
So, I'll use this excuse.
Clio...... Karen.
It lent to ask, the power! It was humiliated their country and, a daughter, a wife! Only guy does afford to forgive!
Eye is dazzled with a vengeance, I'll never not worth mentioning.
I should I Torere even neck of guy. After, it does matter if me with the love and my life.
Can not be helped... or.
I Bozakku king, unheard wishes Atashi last?
No way, rather than exposing the shame and lost the war, it is! To suicide here, do not would not say?
I ask your heart.
For there had to die such a beautiful woman like you, name of this Gangasu-like go out of fashion! C'mon!
Its, so? It looks so?
Huh?
Beautiful... I'm glad.... Grandfather! I decided on this one!
Na I really want, like maple.
Yes....
Izumo whole army enters under the command of Mr. Gangasu than this!'S your wise decision of maple-like
Hey, what fuck is going on!
Well... I do not know.
Gangasu like... something, maybe dangerous situation....
If you say that it gives me, and I Is if I got.
Etc., was how to Ja thing. Queen Do not you wake up!?
It is slowly but we are also breathing. Surgeon tried to Hodokoso the surgery, but it was useless.
The Suu eyes not red. The Suu Do sad. Uruuru....
Queen, sky... Ppoda.
Or husk of the soul....
And's soul?
Oh, heart of the Queen's seems empty.
I father Furesuto. Do not somehow?
If at the Moon Palace.... Or alternatively, if her birthplace....
But what is to consult Gangasu like, to Leni queen?
Leni like that because the know how of the ritual of awakening, you'd like to come to Negai... Moon Palace.
Was found. Command, what'ritual that is?
...... I do not Zonjiage it.
N?
Na not believe. Is not it you're hiding something?
I'll believe Maria, the eagle. From looking at that tree, I've decided eagle and believe the people here.
What Gonzales, and Suu and the turn order
Hey, do not try to limit side mouth.
The Suu Maria-sama is a superior addition, N oh. Uruuru....
At the same, need to contact with the soul of Tirith like the ritual of awakening. It is a the need for a spirit stone to be the catalyst.
Or spirit stone....
Certainly, you hear a long time ago, pyroxene called spirit stone is available at the Bozakku... but.
Oh, I have heard indeed. It was such as is produced in the outback of Bisutekku village...
Spirit stone pyroxene to take in the land of spirits protect. At present the existence of spirits has become rare, it is possible to get it is difficult.
About Sul. Ishino place.
I asked.
So, to prepare for departure.
Gangasu king, Mr. Seth, Where's that going all?
To live Na~tsu worry. Do not leave me. Come is at hand the spirit stone.
I can only Gangasu like is to get the spirit stone. Everyone please have become wait.
As it were taken to you guys, talking about... long time ago. There was a dark presence, called the false god Mado~uruku.
We have left buried from this world the evil forces. By using the force of the Dragon... Force.
De, Dragon Force!! Its, that person is...!
What's Dragon Force that I'm a what exactly?
Power of the star dragon Hasugaruto responsible God of ancient times, the stars. It borrowed its power, eight swordsman star dragon I was buried Mado~uruku false god.
By defeating the gods, maybe it might have been pretentious... we.
After the battle with Mado~uruku, in that after a while, the power of the Dragon Force has been modulated, we noticed.
Will of all things to live in this world... and the power of the star dragon. I was what you received it, and Yuku transitory.
Become a light if Utsuse power of thought, the light, Dragon Force is a double-edged sword dyed in darkness if the darkness... Utsuse.
When I noticed it, it was too late already.
Wave of darkness, it is the shadow of the heart that everyone has. In response to the wave, Dragon Force I had begun dyed the color of darkness.
We came to the conclusion of one. The attempt to Fujiyo in the barrier Dragon Force and make sure that they do not touch the feelings of people....
However, the force left by star dragon is heavy... Legend itself the world's la... so to speak.
lose but we also think the size. But, way to hold back the darkness looming again, has not been left only one.
I, in the center of the barrier, the kings of the seven other people I was to focus on the barrier all the power as a white... more.
To fit in the barrier... the power. Gorudaku, Leinart,... Mikazuki. They use the power of... all.
And, Gongosu, Junon...,... Leon. King who run out of power was Yuki collapsed one after another.
It's was there, it was only two people of Wayne and me.
And the fact that Wayne and... is the power of Furishibori last, I will be the core of the barrier...
I was able to fit into the barrier, the side of the light of the Dragon Force.
Its, such a thing... like that... but, why, large such incidents is not left to the history I did not know?
The power of the Force... Dragon. In other words, that it was sealed the thought of La legend, the world was with a deep sleep.
People's minds wander, there is sorrow fluctuation, even love and hatred.... World of space where there is no thought of all the....
You who have to live now, the world woke up from sleep. World became brittle brittle lost the majority of power to support the world.
However, there is also such a thought world, there is a will to live.
That's right. World Queen of Leni... new elf was trying to protect....
And what... this is've kept our.... Little light... so.
Its, such... it is stupid, Dragon Force...!
So where's that Dragon Force of darkness I went?
There here is a side... hope light of Dragon Force.
Force you scatter to the world, it is the side of the darkness of Dragon Force. Aspect of darkness to lose, it was supposed went to sleep.
No way, again Dragon Force of the darkness....
Or Asmodian!?
So, for example, if, Lord says Orvault us and are in the hands of the Dragon force of darkness....
Power to move the world....
The bran me look queen, take care of me....
You could not be.......
So, I Asmodian. Toggled blood is flowing half.
Toggled.... It is the name of the Asmodian that rampage on the ground... now.
My body, the power flowing through the blood.... Is not than a dragon force of darkness that had you said?
Ignorance hometown true, but I hear is in the bottom of the earth is it, brethren many were living there.
That, toggled tribe, what willl have received the power of Dragon Force of darkness!?
... Probably. To store the power of Dragon Force of darkness, through the time of year... 500.
There is no difference in trying to Koyo out on the ground right now.
Such a small light, light of... Dragon Force.
It may be just a little light... but, was left to us, now I is not a no.
If we can collect, the power of strong desire to be the world's Protect... again.
It is possible to empower Dragonforce light.
I sealed completely this time the Dragon Force of darkness!
Na is. It is the only hope. You can only take a chance on the possibility.
Under the banner of... Gangasu king into one thought!
Oh, and also for... Leni.
Leni....
Do you know a man named Tirith?
Yeah.... Because it is the person who has been made a feat that remains to Moon Palace... ever.
Your success... Wagga book of Gongosu king.
The Tirith is alive.
... Your joke. Elf should be said that no matter how long, it was to passed away a long time ago. Please Do not play with me.
Not or fun. The thing and the real hero of the elves are protecting is ours.
Tirith really like... and....
Body is not even debilitating, there is also a faint breath. However, I do not wake up....
Leni hall, did you wrong?
I do not say well, but for a moment, I felt a sadness in it,... her mind, of like... Tirith.
Later years Tirith-like, are shrouded in mystery. Disappear somewhere, I did not-show and back....
Again! Or equal to eight swordsman our other.
Strangely enough, I do not have a memory of that time to me. I like that part only if it were cut.
Also to Moon Palace, a record of the time does not have any left. As if did not exist in the memory of people.
I, I want to know the truth. Where eight swordsman we went, what had happened in the world!
I also I want to know.
Well, truth of the matter is not all awoke from sleep, the Queen was guarded in the barrier's we going to know.
I immediately..., let's examine how to awaken Tirith like.
Ask you.
Gangasu... like, that.... It felt so,... you have yourself another in me Do not have?
Will do just fine. I from a very's words, me.
The... Oh, is that right... Some of my someone else is....
Another...?
... No, I do not have anything. About Tirith like awakening, I will give you reports that you know something.
So, I'm sorry.
Person voice of spirits hear me other than Gangasu like I am... the first time.
Oh, I think I know why. Or myself... another.
Do not Leni's queen... Leni, the Moon Palace
Yes.
Its, do not that's. Are you alright?
Yes.
I'm sorry to imitate the rough.
It is strange. We, even though the war.
But Yeah....
You seem not it's running on evil.
Of course. And family, and their colleagues for everything that live in and on the earth... I.
Yes. I understand.
What was exaggerated....
It is there bless spirits to Bozakku king. The presence of spirit pure soul. There is the car. It is good for.
Its, or so.
Chikarawo rental... Cite.
Yes. Happily.
Leni....
Do you know a man named Tirith?
Yeah.... Because it is the person who has been made a feat that remains to Moon Palace... ever.
Your success... Wagga book of Gongosu king.
The Tirith is alive.
... Your joke. Elf should be said that no matter how long, it was to passed away a long time ago. Please Do not play with me.
Not or fun. The thing and the real hero of the elves are protecting is ours.
Tirith really like... and....
Body is not even debilitating, there is also a faint breath. However, I do not wake up....
Leni hall, did you wrong?
I do not say well, but for a moment, I felt a sadness in it,... her mind, of like... Tirith.
Later years Tirith-like, are shrouded in mystery. Disappear somewhere, they did not-show and back....
Again! Or equal to eight swordsman our other.
Strangely enough, I do not have a memory of that time to me. I like that part only if it were cut.
Also to Moon Palace, a record of that time is not left at all. As if did not exist in the memory of people.
I, I want to know the truth. Where eight swordsman we went, what had happened in the world!
I also I want to know.
Well, truth of the matter is not all awoke from sleep, the Queen was guarded in the barrier's we going to know.
I immediately..., let's examine how to awaken Tirith like.
Ask you.
Gangasu... like, that.... It felt so,... you have yourself another in me Do not have?
Will do just fine. I from a very's words, me.
The... Oh, is that right... Some of my someone else is....
Another...?
... No, I do not have anything. About Tirith like awakening, I will give you reports that you know something.
So, I'm sorry.
Person voice of spirits hear me other than Gangasu like I am... the first time.
Oh, I think I know why. Or myself... another.
That continent, can not you are protected by a kind of barrier something, get inside.
It will come to attack from the other side and what can not be fought back from this place!
Teeth... whether that, in less....
The Suu Do scary. The Suu do was troubled.
It would be good if spotted the break that barrier. Whether there is no way something!?
I think however, that barrier if due to Dragon Force of darkness... If.
Well, you might be able to compete in the Dragon Force of light....
The light of the last hope for us.... If given a further shine in this light...
Is it usable was aroused Tirith queen, the tree of Moon Palace?
Leni....
Well, if in Taiki, you may be able to amplify the power of the Dragon Force.
Again, or forces of nature!
It is Moon Palace Cathedral.
Brother Nochikarawo Lil borrowing....
So, do you break that barrier?
If, if that existence of spirits embody the power of the world....
The ability to collect the... power.
Cite probe wo... brother.
Or whereabouts of the spirit....
This!?
I feel a wave of darkness....
Is it a crystal of Dragon Force of darkness?
Or that was crystallized in the body of fellows of toggled family, What part of the darkness of the Dragon Force
Let Jaro maybe. The guys must have gotten by this power.
Crystal of darkness with a large force is three.
Let's let me use me appreciate the crystal of darkness if the power of the Dragon Force.
No, again, the power of darkness the power of darkness. It is a thing to the contrary the power of light.
Well, do not I do that you can not use for'em.
They were then used as power. However, it only makes that lays a new family of witches.
Or that guy you used is, What is drawn into the power of darkness?
Gangasu like, GUM Ho seems to be a breath somehow. If you rest for a while...
Gangasu sama!!
Gununu, Nu~o~o~o~o!
Gangasu sama!
Seth... Keep away... team! Nu!
Gangasu sama!! Its, that!
I'll call for help immediately. Immediately!
Seth always... It would... have to say.... The Leave it to me... to me!!
Åò Gangasu sama!
Here....
Where is...?
I did I died...?...
Or was too reckless....
Na... cold.
Seth....
O king of courage.
O king Shi Mamoritai the earth.
O king to support the world Shi destruction.
O king to lead the world again.
O king which is not afraid of the darkness.
Is there light.
also those who love.
Who...? You guys....
When the independence truly is now. When from the Creator... you will wield the fist....
Period end, all starts....
Was found. Because it was found, skip it is rocket science....
What is Leave it to me. It is, your ancestors
How we lost the king, he should do exactly.
The Ja because of the eagle. Eagle....
From it, must be considered that in the future.
Even exits shoot from here, there is no chance... I just fall in vain.
Gangasu like you always come back.
Sorry, due to... eagle. Oh, what do Ja do.
Canities is ze increase, Mr. diisocyanate.
It's... to say what to try, Gangasu King!?
Seth, do not have to wait.
Because I believed... no.
That's good. Na I'm sorry.
I feel the new power. Apparently, did not you? Overcome the wave of darkness.
Na well. It is thanks for your your comrades.
Do you met Wayne us?
Oh.
Is that so?.... I'm... Watch over me.
This Gangasu king needs to have combined the power of Dragon Force of light, world'll be saved.
No, the power is the power to undo the world. Can not be used to Guranderu.
However, a shortage So....
We Nochikarawo rental acetic.
The power of the spirit!?
However, you guys are weak.
Seba back light Nochikarade world... wo.
I... found. It lent the power.
Spirit? When you break the barrier, do not Ja things spirits lent me power?
Well, you go to defeat the Bukkake Guranderu
GUM Ho, what I'm thinking!
Force Ja I wanted the eagle. For example, go Oisarabae lose power as it is, it'll Raren stand!
But that is dangerous that power!
Anyway, if think the chances are against us, it would also fellow clan of darkness With the power of darkness. Eagle's do not want to die
This, betrayal thing!
Say even what is good. Keep away! I'll use here the power of this crystal! I'll not know no matter how it is!
How do I.... Choice but to be persuaded to Gangasu like this,....
GUM Ho's me, it's Gangasu.
Or king? We will do the same no matter who comes.
Give me the guy over here. It does become solve anything even if I use the crystal. Her body and just be dangerous.
O king, the people to understand. Eagle Ja afraid. Scary yourself is die world dyed in darkness as it is.
It's dying take years, and magical power, decline also scary. Power wanted the eagle.
So, do you close to me?
Think so, and Ja I thought if possible to mine the power of Tirith Queen, to become somehow.
However, it did not enter into the hands.... Na even though there was a chance.
The Ja # Do not you know even eagle. Are you from was not a situation believe such a thing.
It will be the same even now. Still, is in a dangerous situation the world.
So scary. I Ja afraid!
The alleged Guranderu, I will somehow. So Do not be afraid. Give me the crystal to me!
The stop me, O king, I do not stay away. The eagle, Anta is Nikki liked. So let me Nde nothing to eagle!
GUM Ho, Do not be afraid!
Gugugugu, Gu~o~o~o~o. Gigigigigi! Ugu~tsu Gagagagaga Åò!
Diisocyanate san!!
Shit! The carry to the castle Seth, his resignation san! Hurry up!
I understand!
Rejection... Sita.
Black or crystal?
Human Roh Nakano light....
Diisocyanate or herself is...?
Ha light dark wo... rejection Sul.
.......
But emphasis will... Nochikaragaareba.
Or command of me? Power of darkness....
Danger....
Do you, do nothing but... do.