Did not fit(Length:129): That's right. Hey, I was there a library from time immemorial in this village. Although I have rough dive in recent years... war.
Did not fit(Length:144): During the repair, interesting things, too many have been excavated. Hey are you quite different from the terrain of now... such as the old map.
Did not fit(Length:150): I hear that there was a time when even one time words were also lost. I would not sure that it is detailed in do nothing literature, course materials.
Did not fit(Length:119): In addition, I also found this that says the story of Mado~uruku Senki. Talk and Mado~uruku, of Yara Gideon of his men.
Did not fit(Length:134): Though, the recent war, It looks like back in the days of far ancestors. You know, for some time from Is no longer have eight warrior.
Did not fit(Length:143): After a short delay Mado~uruku legendary campaign was over, eight warriors they disappeared. Rumor is likely to have passed many, at that time.
Did not fit(Length:160): In fact because it was seriously injured in the war in Mado~uruku incarnation of God, and also, also returned to heaven role is over, they were said to be dead.
Did not fit(Length:112): Anyway, made ??a lot then bronze statue, Inc., mound, and historical sites to honor the eight warriors they,....
Did not fit(Length:107): It 's carried the foot most there, it was knights and swordsman. Sword skill they, it 's so as to progress.
Did not fit(Length:150): Then after a while, you have reached the time of war again era. At that time, Dan swordsman fighting with banner in the name of they 've got appeared.
Did not fit(Length:138): For example, I swordsman such as Dan "heart of Wayne...". In fact one of the ancestors of which, Is was the head of such a swordsman team!
Did not fit(Length:162): Eight warrior legend was transformed into the story of eight swordsman by them. It the story of the beautiful hero. And has been handed down in many places still.
Did not fit(Length:149): To worship people just a few more people.... In a sense, it might that mean the beginning of the age of the person, the end of the era of the gods...
Did not fit(Length:121): Do you like Shirin? Although you have a person that has seen it in Miruru village in the north. The... What's the matter?
Did not fit(Length:118): Do you like Shirin? Although you have a person that I saw in Miruru village in the north. The...... What's the matter?
Did not fit(Length:99): Do you like Shirin? There are villagers that saw in Miruru village of north, but What's the matter?
Did not fit(Length:99): Do you like Shirin? There are villagers that saw in Miruru village of north, but What's the matter?
Did not fit(Length:120): Here, those who bring evil to me appears. Do not...... seems to have become as the Baba of reading the stars had to say.
Did not fit(Length:115): That's right, like Dora, the house and neighboring countries, and let's not overlook people suffer from this state.
Did not fit(Length:121): Suspicious person we have is that occupied the castle Koraden from yesterday, and saw a was a very beautiful woman in it.
Did not fit(Length:121): Suspicious person we have is that occupied the castle Koraden from yesterday, and saw a was a very beautiful woman in it.
Did not fit(Length:118): Yes, the place far south of this village, called Hula village, is that there are warlords led by a mysterious soldier.
Did not fit(Length:110): The military commander is, I was stopped by this village takes to sudden illness in the middle of the journey.
Did not fit(Length:141): Yes. It is a thing that Kano long time ago, at the time of the nuptials of Mr. Wayne and Tirith queen, was sent to Highland from Moon Palace.
Did not fit(Length:119): Oh, It is a beautiful Queen minus the blood of that elf. But are available to you the person that I saw in the east....
Did not fit(Length:119): Oh, It is a beautiful Queen minus the blood of that elf. But are available to you the person that I saw in the east....
Did not fit(Length:105): I do not proceed.... This, This is.... Ebers! The around this continent, barrier has been run throughout.
