Did not fit(Length:112): To protect the country as king, At any time, for the people of this country, you is do I have wielded the sword.
Did not fit(Length:19): Contact, ยง mother!
Did not fit(Length:107): Ha ha, occurred near the border, it is livestock damage cases, but whether the work of both Asmodian still.
Did not fit(Length:122): We strengthen the security of the border, but the guys elusive, that you can completely eliminate the damage is difficult.
Did not fit(Length:122): I No! Averus. Border as well, I'll have to tense thanks to the Asmodian. It is! Led by the soldiers there, I unreasonable!
Did not fit(Length:117): However, It is said Mado~uruku same false god, Grace, and was buried in the hands of eight swordsman our star dragon.
Did not fit(Length:124): Anyway, Asmodian seems to have been independent of the cylinder or something sister Grace. If you do not continue to search!
Did not fit(Length:108): The Grace to... Gideon. Ghost in the desert.... Who our evil fought in Mado~uruku campaign Tirith and queen.
Did not fit(Length:110): They are not the people of this world. However, there was one of eight swordsman, the message of Queen Tirith.
Did not fit(Length:110): Current situation is as you talk now. Legend La entire continent are what is wrapped in a disturbing movement.
Did not fit(Length:110): Country of Highland because do not seem to run on... evil thoughts. O king..., there is no evil to thine eyes.
Did not fit(Length:100): I also lost my mother in childhood. But thanks to the friendly sisters, I was able to spend happily.
Did not fit(Length:107): I love. By What does it stick to the bottom of the Anta henchman from and I also collectively, can you say?
Did not fit(Length:112): ...... Did so. Maybe it message from Queen Tirith. It would be the same as what I have received a long time ago.
Did not fit(Length:104): Few years ago, I know received a message from the Queen Tirith, Asmodian is are you haunting throughout.
Did not fit(Length:132): Grasp the news of the Queen, along with the traditional fashion king Noah, I had been to the rescue of Sandanski of Tirith... Queen.
Did not fit(Length:110): Trad King Noah, was urged to be transformed into a fox me by the power of magic, and run away, but... Himself.
Did not fit(Length:114): Incident seems to be also a sign of catastrophe has occurred in various locations. Haunt of Asmodian its evidence.
Did not fit(Length:146): I who was caught in the Hazama of time and space. As I come to live this world and Hazama dimension, I've lived the years of life more than human.
Did not fit(Length:139): Who piloted the force of arms... Dragon Force Dragon, mark that appears in the eight swordsman star dragon. No to You also this Shen to....
Did not fit(Length:160): Received the blessings of the goddess Astaire, was overthrew the gods Mado~uruku is, the power of eight swordsman our star dragon to manipulate... Dragon Force.
Did not fit(Length:132): Mado~uruku campaign is over, goddess Astaire has entrusted the land to the people on the ground and eight swordsman us, star dragon.
Did not fit(Length:103): So, do not fixed! Go to help a woman 's Tirith! It is with a beautiful young lady. Ze has been on fire.
Did not fit(Length:126): And a family of witches that few surviving fans dahlia now and so...,. Persecution is to ours, but different from the guys....
Did not fit(Length:107): It is slowly but we are also breathing. Surgeon tried to Hodokoso the art of awakening, but it was useless.
Did not fit(Length:117): I will send a messenger to the Moon Palace. Then in front of Shirin sister, Itadako will stop for your son, Mr. Shen!
Did not fit(Length:127): Also to Moon Palace, and the peace which is not unswerving. Well, I went How is the requirements? Mr. messenger of Moon Palace.
Did not fit(Length:107): In fact, queen -like Leni, was attacked in the middle of the journey, I had no longer know the whereabouts.
Did not fit(Length:120): What! The missing Leni -dono! I had been thinking I may want to listen to Mr. Reni, and try to visit this place... from.
Did not fit(Length:113): So, for example, if, the Queen Tirith, alive and well in the world today, yet there under aegis of this Highland?
Did not fit(Length:107): ... Your joke. I'm supposed to rang passed away Tirith is like a long time ago. Please Do not play with me.
Did not fit(Length:112): Body is not even debilitating, there is also a faint breath. However, I do not wake up. Can i help you Mr. Leni?
Did not fit(Length:121): The stomach and said, I do not say well, but for a moment, I felt a sadness in it... the heart of the... Tirith like her.
Did not fit(Length:110): Tirith Queen, was wrapped in a barrier. Maybe it would have been guarded from Years course of the body of her.
Did not fit(Length:123): You can clearly disappearance barrier, message, of eight swordsman, the truth of all, do you become that person only queen.
Did not fit(Length:122): No, it 's attributed by yourself Leni dono It is dangerous. Once, I 'm being attacked by soldiers looked like and Tristan.
Did not fit(Length:134): The back of the Moon Palace Cathedral, there is a room that divine power gather. So, as a catalyst for the ritual... the spirit stone.
Did not fit(Length:134): For some reason, incurred a heavy wound to the heart -like... Tirith. At that time, thrown into nothingness half of the soul... Queen.
Did not fit(Length:121): As it were taken to you guys, talking about... long time ago. There was a dark presence, called the false god Mado~uruku.
Did not fit(Length:118): After the battle with Mado~uruku, in that after a while, the power of the Dragon Force has been modulated, we noticed.
Did not fit(Length:122): In response to the will... it's everything to live in this world, Dragon Force is now show the dark side from time to time
Did not fit(Length:134): Become a light if Utsuse power of thought, the light, Dragon Force is a double-edged sword dyed in darkness if the darkness... Utsuse.
Did not fit(Length:130): In response to the wave of darkness flowing out of the man in deep sense of security and peace, from deep inside, Dragon Force....
Did not fit(Length:147): We came to the conclusion of one. The attempt to Fujiyo in the barrier Dragon Force and make sure that they do not touch the feelings of people....
Did not fit(Length:132): I, in the center of the barrier, the kings of the seven other people I was to focus on the barrier all the power as a white... more.
Did not fit(Length:109): That's right. It is the only hope. Do not there's nothing left to do but to take a chance on the possibility.
Did not fit(Length:114): Furesuto palace, Kathmandu dono seems Yingjie you 've kept from Asmodian, the trad and Noah Sanisu Mr. apparently.
Did not fit(Length:115): It is not light of this little hope, it is amplified by the power of Leni me and this, only to counter the barrier.
Did not fit(Length:142): Is it a crystal of Dragon Force of darkness? Is it a part crystallized in the body of fellows of toggled family, the darkness of Dragon Force?
Did not fit(Length:105): No, again, the power of darkness the power of darkness. It is a thing to the contrary the power of light.
Did not fit(Length:117): If it is assumed so, you use this crystal Do not dangerous. Much trouble, it 's like revive the Orvault who defeated.
